before we start this video if you want
some fast and reliable coins go check
out itxc calm and use the code Malfoy
for 6 percent off so what's going on
guys welcome to real-life football
versus FIFA with my boy Jamel 1:5 what's
that the five challenges that we've
already done on FIFA and our challenge
is to replicate those challenges in real
life let's see how good we are compared
to the game I say well done we've done
the thief ones first so I'm going to
take a look at what we've got and then
we're gonna try and smash them gonna
Smashing we are in no way shape of war
for vegetables there okay so our
textures are not all there but we have
techn shaver penalty
one chance one good
Oh
free-kicks
challenge three free kick against help
me
oh my god dribbling
that's ya guys all right if you three
guys what perspective their mouth would
leave a comment mother if you think I'd
better take it give it a thumbs up give
away I still win
all right boys together already go check
out some ly5
link be inscription go stop him
I stopped him what's your favorite
position
I'm Suzanne on top of you so you like
shifting the gift on one top yeah yeah
she's still doing it
by stopping it stopping it by stop by
stopping it
stop Barry swear but